BASIC LIBRARIES FOR DATA SCIENCE

These are the basic libraries that transform Python from a general purpose programming language into a powerfuland robust tool for 
data analysis and visualization. Sometimes called the SciPy Stack, they’re the foundation that the more specialized tools are built on.

NumPy-is the foundational library for scientific computing in Python, and many of the libraries on this list use NumPy arrays as
their basic inputs and outputs. In short, NumPy introduces objects for multidimensional arrays and matrices,as well as routines
that allow developers to perform advanced mathematical and statistical functions on those arrays with as little code as possible.

SciPy-builds on NumPy by adding a collection of algorithms and high-level commands for manipulating and visualizing data.
This package includes functions for computing integrals numerically, solving differential equations, optimization, and more.

Pandas-adds data structures and tools that are designed for practical data analysis in finance, statistics, social sciences, and
engineering. Pandas works well with incomplete, messy, and unlabeled data (i.e., the kind of data you’re likely to encounter in the
real world), and provides tools for shaping, merging, reshaping, and slicing datasets.

IPython-extends the functionality of Python’s interactive interpreter with a souped-up interactive shell that adds introspection, 
rich media,shell syntax, tab completion, and command history retrieval. It also acts as an embeddable interpreter for your programs 
that can be really useful for debugging. If you’ve ever used Mathematica or MATLAB, you should feel comfortable with IPython.

matplotlib-is the standard Python library for creating 2D plots and graphs. It’s pretty low-level, meaning it requires more commands 
to generate nice-looking graphs and figures than with some more advanced libraries. However, the flip side of that is flexibility. 
With enough commands, you can make just about any kind of graph you want with matplotlib.
